# Introduction #

I have never been asked question "Why do I sell options?", but I will answer it anyway.

# Details #


In the roaring bull market of 2013 my dear friend FAS has more than
doubled from $40 to $95 which gives us (trust me on this) 237.5%
annual or 7.47% monthly compound. One would say that FAS is a money
making machine for those who long the stock. Such rate IS something to
write home about.

Yesterday (Apr 9, 2014) near the money call option with strike $91+7.47%  = $97 (Apr, 2014) - could be sold for $0.75 or 0.8% of asset value.

Let's assume for the moment that the margin is unlimited or that the
position is negligibly small comparing to the account total. I sell
FAS call for $0.75 which nets me $75 and locks some margin away at my
brokerage. I wait a month (actually in this specific case I shall wait about 2 weeks). In the expiration
FRYday there are two outcomes - my call is in money (probability of
such outcome is under 20%) or my call is out of money.

Call expired in money sounds like straight short of FAS, sounds like
falling under the speeding train, sounds dreadful, right? No worries.

I can buy the call back if my margin is not large enough to short the
stock.  I never cover the calls by buying them back in expiration day
because of bid/ask spread in expiring options.

I can sell at the money put (covered put because I am going to get
assigned 100 FAS shorts)  for the next month and pocket (I estimate)
4.5% for a month ahead.

I can cover the FAS short next Monday - FAS is liquid with very tight
bid/ask spread, and sell naked OOM call again for yet another 0.75%.

Finally I can choose to sell ATM call (frightening, ah?) for almost 5%
premium if I am bearishly inclined.

Your question is going to be what is the fun about picking 0.8% (10%
annual) from under the wheels of the train which moves at almost 8%
compound rate (240% annual). The punch line is that the approach over
long (5+ years) haul will not loose the money no matter bull or bear
market we are in. If the prevailing interest rates rise the expected
return will likely rise accordingly. This is something which I suspect
not many people even on SOH message board can say about their trading
strategies.

The smart guys among us shall say that "the system" I suggested so far
is way too primitive and can be easily improved.