                                              _Be careful - you enter dream zone_


*  An edge

I used to buy passiflora. I was told that the plant grows fast and shall survive at least 5 years. This sounded promising and I was easily persuaded because of lack of experience in the field. The first part turned out to be correct. The plant can grow 10 fold in 3 seasons. For some reason the plants I have bought kept dying every 2-3 years. I did not figure out what the problem was. I have stopped buying passiflora and switched to pines.  
 
One would say that passiflora does not provide an edge. This is just a story of my failed experiments with passiflora. Please do no look for hidden lessons here.  
 

* Quite Bill (From The Court of Law records)

Ladies and Gents, let me to tell you how and why the Bill died. You have asked the question and now you shall let me to answer. Bill was not what they call a kind heart man. Even Satan should do some face control if he cares about what kind of people lives in his neighborhood. But Bill died anyway and rather abruptly for this. The reason of death was a feeling of 
strike coming from ahead, or, more specifically, a feeling of an arrow entering Bills forehead, short and heavy arrow that is. 

One of intelligent disposition and some relevant background - and the background is not in any lack around here in our small but proud town, my dear friends, not in any lack at all;i would say that we have somewhat more of the said background than we would care;well, only recently our mayor - you have already met our mayor, have not you? tough man he is, tough man - underwent a surgical intervention in his lower stomach while visiting a saloon;to mayor and our surprise he survived;the shameful surgeon was quick to disappear when it started to be clear that the mayor is not in any hurry to leave us for greener pastures and will continue to serve our town - could conclude that the arrow was shot from distance. 

The Sergeant - I see a question in your eyes, yes, this is his name, or at least the only name known, immediately upon seeing the Bill's forehead concluded as much. Given the weight of the arrow, lack of suitable windows in the proximity to the place of unpleasant but, thanks to God, quick death and the angle at which arrow broke in the distance was almost exactly 1,231 feet give or take a half feet. Untypical for him The Sergeant added what was obvious to everyone, that he did not known that there is a crossbow of such quality available on the market.

No, sir, you do not have to repeat your question, I have heard the question well the first time. You asked if anyone went to the window in question and checked what was there. We do not investigate shooting accidents in our town. And this was an accident. That much was clear to everyone. The victim was a well recognized person, the bolt was there in the victim's head to be seen by everyone with an eye sight. No one attempted to hide anything. There was nothing to question.  

Oh, yes my dear Sir, I hear. You ask if I knew who shot that bolt in the first place as if it were that important. I am glad that you address the matter most directly and professionally. This is rare in these days to meet a person who will not waste your time and will take care of the job. Ask anybody here if this easy to find a laborer to fix installations or roof. I bet that you know it as well as everyone - there are not many professionals. My mother, God bless her soul, did not give birth in this town. She has moved into the town when I was three and half months old. I am a newcomer here and, please let me be completely honest with you,  I am not a person who sees everything and knows everybody. I am well known for my curiosity and willingness to express questionable opinions, I am indeed. Still some matters better to leave to themselves. Top quality cross bows do not come easy to their owners. I would say that in this specific case the shooter most definitely deserved the best money can buy. 

Yes, I hear, my dear Sir, you want me to express my wild guesses anyway, despite the aforementioned quality of the crossbow and more than adept hands holding it. You actually say that you most kindly insist. Let me say then that I think that this was a successful suicide attempt. Bill, God bless his soul, has positioned himself right on the way of the iron bolt. I would even go further by suggesting that it was a work accident. Please, let me not to deliberate anymore.

* Jimmy

They called him Jimmy. God knows may be this was his real name. A chain of four shooting incidents - complete accidents, mind you, if you to listen to the stories carefully and thoughtfully, stories which would be funny if not the 5 bodies - this chain of accidents propelled the young guy to the second in command role in what they would call today an organised crime group. In two months period from an unemployed he jumped to the elite of the city underworld. Position Jimmy has never wanted and was not looking for, but nevertheless has no way or will to avoid.

Oscar one which escaped the earlier shootings and of Jimmy enemies  probably knew the truth and visited the party the band was giving Jimmy after the last shooting. When Jimmy drunk and drugged saw they guy calling him he came up, strode to him and said following words pulling the guys belt on every word: "How ... many ... times ... shall ... I ... repeat ... do ... not ... come ... again". In the normal world Oscar would jump the gun and shoot Jimmy here and now. For not clear reason Oscar tried to jump the gun and the gun stuck. At this point Jimmy pulled the bell of 20 stones Oscar the first time. Oscar was almost desperately trying to free the gun and his full attention was focused on this task. Oscar body slightly inclined but it was enough for his face scrubbed the wall on his left just above Jimmy right shoulder. At this point Jimmy pulled the guy once again and so on until Oscar with bloody mess instead of the face dropped to Jimmy knees, his gun is still in his left armpit. It is not clear what exactly happened, but it can be that Jimmy was lucky to damage some nerve on the Oscar head which caused the immediate shock. Oscar lying on the ground, Jimmy returned to the table. This very night Jimmy found himself in between two best girls of the place. He said "If you could wake me up about 7 so I could write a letter to my mom that I am alright and send with the first post. Thank you, girls. I  wish you to have sweet dreams girls" and slept. Next morning Jimmy was shot by police in a trap he was warned about. 


* Intersection 

There is a place where you can see traffic jam belonging to another world. A place where different worlds overlap.

Alternative history where an originally Asian dynasty of monarchs conquered the whole world. They leave after them two white boys. The boys are in green robs which mean that they belong to the lowest caste. 

There is a middle age woman who is operator of the subway train and a young guy who just has lost his work. 

*Time river*

Three worlds
 * houses from paper. Two store house made of carton box
 * civilization which killed itself using atom energy. they were not aware of radioactivity effects. socialist government. on the walls you can see here and there "peace atom in every home"
 * world of crime. very dangerous streets. everybody pay (or barter) for protection. Ala private medical insurance in the US costs of the protection are sky high and growing. Semi legal insurance companies make great money.

Bus which moves between the words. There are three types of passengers
 * looking through the window
 * short stay - tourist looking for adventures. Can be rather dangerous.
 * long stay - mainly commerce or business. people do the same route (2 or 3 worlds) frequently. Carry multiple navigation and communication devices with them - one for each world.

Bus is served by a private company. There are two ways to pay - energy for the bus and food for the employees. Food is fairly wide range of organic components. Almost anything carbon based goes.

*Skills*

Five guys with very unusual capabilities
 * psycho which can influence people, guess people intentions
 * professor - which can envision solution for a complex problem, develop a plan
 * muscle - very strong guy which can sense objects under water and behind the walls. kills people, hides bodies
 * silver - technician, hacker, very good with hardware


*Do not press that button.*

A world where you can save an egg of jagger, give it your blood and make the jagger your friend. Where in the school they show animation  films in the math classes and ask questions like "how to open that door?". Where the teacher can draw very precise diagram of the queen palace by hand.


One guy solves a couple of problems and among them nano-scale duplication of physical objects. He lives in the large apartment in the university dorms.  To impress his rare visitors (he is not very popular) he installed there a slot machine and fill the machine with $1,000 tokens and large unpolished gem stones and let the visitors  to play the game with much better chances than casino.


When he dies a group of relatives arrives to the apartment and one of them (a young girl) pulls a pot. Nobody pays too much attention when she picks the stones and hides them in a bag.
The apartment is choke full with surprises. For example a wall mounted clocks. The clocks hands are behind the clock. There are magnets installed on the hands. On the clocks face there are lot of small (under 0.1mm) ant-like robots which constantly look for moving magnetic field and try to stay in the area where magnetic just starts to drop. While going after the hands the robots move large objects. The trick here is that it requires time to understand and appreciate that the small gold pieces on the clock are not just tiny pieces of metal, but robots. When clocks stop robots move in different directions while still pushing and pulling larger objects.


*World where  humans, Neanderthals and Others coexist.*

A human old lady sometimes mentions the Neanderthals as Sculls. The old lady travels to one of the houses of others - the house on the hill. Others live very different from two genus - small families in a separate houses. All houses are large and far from each other.
Old lady knows about the glass and her people know to make glass, but the glass in windows of house of others is very thin, very large and said to stand hit of a stone delivered by the strongest man.

She is a seener - she sees things sometimes. And this time she has seen death, lot of dead, that all children in her village will be dead for sure and very soon. And Sone son of Big Sone - the village leader, will be dead too and many others. She wants to ask Others what to do.

Recently the days are getting hotter and hotter and river is drying up. They decided in the village to move to the hill side of the river and hide in the caves under the hills, but not before the harvest. She thinks that they have to do something much sooner.


Others usually help. They rarely intervene by themselves (never?), but if asked they can save life, or fix a tool or even make a new tool. Like in that case when Old Clue brought her broken bakers pin. Others gave her a new one and the new rolling pin what too good for poor Old Clue. Old Clue covered the new rolling pin in the best fabric she could find and hide it. That pin was very good.


The house of others is large (their houses are always large) and stands on the very top of the hill. This is two store house. Old Lady has never understood what is the point to put house open to the cold winter wind, under the open hot summer afternoon sun and build it on the hill which is so hard to climb. But this is how Others like it. She knew though that in the house there are never too hot or too cold and there is a road which is always dry and clean right to the house.

Old Lady holds an ear to the window in the door. There are no other visitors in the house or at least nobody is waiting. She would know if there is somebody waiting - puffing and smelling and hesitating and being unable to stay in one place. She opens the door and enters. There is no light besides the light entering small window in the door. Table and chair for the visitors. On the table Others put a candle. Another idea of Others. They try hard to make their visitors comfortable, but they never learn how to keep simple things in order. This is right that they have their own very complex and incomprehensible ways to light the house, but the simpler (primitive?) tools are always out of order, like the candle without a wick.

Others help and answer questions, but their answers are hard to understand. This is better than nothing though.


*Learning English*

Winter. Three high school age guys somewhere in the North Europe share apartment. Studying is not great way to spend time, so they do everything else. One of them hit his head hard into the wall a couple of times: "I want to be an idiot" and laughs. While walking around after yet another party in the bar they find a large trunk full of alcohol with the keys in the ignition and apparently very drunk driver. They decide to jump the tuck. They move the truck closer to the home and unload the boxes.

Next scene - some boxes are half empty covered by snow. Next scene more empty boxes, broken bottles. Next scene almost all boxes are empty scattered around, pile in the corners, more glass, deep snow. Approximately two weeks went. Next scene - 7 guys and two girls sit on two benches just opposite the building where the original three live. Original three is among them. Blue faces, tired looks, no sign of merry life.
Rather long queue of people from the dorms to the benches waiting for something. The whole picture is surreal like Island movies.

One guy asks what they are waiting for? "They show a hobbit" someone answers him. The guy decides to stay and see by himself. After a minute or two the person first in the queue loosing patience or unable to wait for the show anymore asks to run the demonstration. The firs of the sitting on the benches turn his head to the next one and says "hey you, show them the f..g hobbit". They do not remember names of each other.  The second on the bench turns his head and says something similar to the third and so on until the wave comes slowly to a solidly built below average height guy in rather expensive clothes. He tiredly looks around but for apparent lack of choice stands up and starts to get out of his pants. This is cold and snowy. The crowd starts to laugh. Under the pants there are very hairy stout legs.

 
*Carbon is not us*

A friend of mine tells me that his company is looking for a good software person. He arranges me the interview the same day. On the first technical interview I get the typical embedded systems related questions. One of them goes like this: "Clock period is not stable and variates significantly. What could be a reason?". I ask if the question relates to the hardware clock generator or a periodic hardware interrupt and get answer that this is an interrupt. I say that there are plenty of possible reasons and I would like to focus on most probable and ask if the interrupt latency varies or the time to completion. The guy answers, that both.
I start to list the possible reasons
 * Another interrupt in the higher priority.
 * Interrupt disable in the different context.
 * Missing interrupt enable (a bug) in one of the disable-enable pairs.
 * Nested interrupt.
 * Problems in the OS interrupt wrappers - handling of the pending system calls consumes CPU cycles both before and after the interrupt.
I see that this is still not the answer. The guy waits for something specific. He thinks, that he is smart. I drop another one - code cache. Apparently this is the answer. He goes out to invite another guy. I start to think what to answer when they ask me what compensation i expect. 

*Guard*

- Before you kill me, how did you enter here with the gun?

- It is plastic.

- It is not. You are a guard, right? You have done a mistake. This is not even a mistake, because you could not know. I document every my step. In this specific case I could not use my camera and the only option I have had is a phone call. So just before entering the place I have called my friend. Feel free to pull the phone out of my pocket and say 'Hello'.


*Clones*

I have killed a clone. 

You know in state of Florida you can kill a human clone. I mean legally. Yes, yes, federal law equals the killing of a clone to the killing of a human being. In FL the prosecutor should prove that the clone was a real thing and not a brainless dummy carrying vital organs for his owner. Now to prove that they have to bring MRI of the clone while it was alive or better it's school records. And usually state of Florida does not care.  Transplants is a huge business for the state. So much so that people start their two week stay here with a lung transplant. 

This was a clone of my boss. For my boss it was like destruction of his property. He did not like his clone very much. It was 10 years old clone and my boss got tired of the whole parenting thing. He doubted that the clone will ever be able to run his narcobusiness. I doubted that my boss is able to do that either and suspected that this was a pure chance which planted him in his position. 

For me killing the clone was like to kill my boss or very close to it. The clone was a heavy built guy like his parent with rather strong survival instincts. He would not get me a chance to talk to him first. I had to shoot him and get back to my business. This is what I did. This was like my first killing. Back then my boss did not have an army of guys who is ready to kill everybody. We were three guys then. He said that we must do something and I went and killed the cop. 

Call this an exercise. I have made sure that my skills are still alright and I can put a bullet in a head from 100 feet distance. Like shooting in a range. The target was real though.


*Urban myths*

This is the largest building on the Earth and officially the only standing and occupied. Some say that there are other buildings out there and even that some of them connected with The Large B (or just B) by underground train. Not many people leave the B and even less talk or allowed to talk about their experience.

40 km each side, 200 underground floors and 100 above the ground, some floors up to 50 meters height the building keeps in the relative safety about 0.5bill of people. 

There are floors for everyone taste. Factories and food production, research facilities and shopping centers all are interconnected by trains and by about four thousands elevators.
They say that some of the elevators you can only enter, but you never get out. 

About a third floors are closed zones. A person from any of the free zone floor can enter most of the closed zone at any time and has 2 hours to get out. If the person does not get of the restricted zone in 2 hours she is assumed living there and her further movements between the floors in the B are going to be restricted which usually means are not allowed. 
Some say that there are secret elevators which connect closed zones with the free zones and allow illegal trade between closed zones and the rest of the B. They say that importing a human body from the closed zone is cheaper than order a clone on the medfloor. They say many different things. They say, for example, that average life expectancy for the newbie in the closed zone is 15 minutes. There are plenty of colorful stories about sexual habits of the guys there and the ways their prosecution and judges work. 
Nobody knows exactly what is going on in the closed zones. There are not many documents about what has been happenig just before the floor was closed and the B administration painted the elevators doors in yellow.
They say that there was a hero once who has visited all closed zones. There used to be much less closes floors than there are now. He came back and talked. He said that a man can feel more free in the closed zone than in any of the free zones. One story says that  after he came back he needed 6 major transplants, significant plastic surgery and a chip in the head to compensate the missing quarter of his brans. The mefloor did a miracle with the guy. 

We have missed the 2nd floor. I am Adam an my collegiate is Rish - we both work in the ComputerLab and we both were late. You would say that this is simple to miss the floor when you are in the elevator. Or, to get out in the wrong place. This is not that simple in the B. First of all you learn not to miss the floors very early. Second the elevator recognizes you and if you do something different from the regular routine elevator there is a warning. Finally you can always do round trip - elevators are safe and you can stay inside for any time. We did not push 2.  We were late. The options were to get out at -22 and hope that second elevator comes quick or full round trip. We have got at -22. 

Instead of large waiting hall with some mixed crowd we appeared in the middle of small city square. I remained silent. Fist words came from Rish. "They are socialist here". It was obvious. Shoes which needed repair, clothes which should be thrown away long time ago, gray faces and, if these mild hints were not enough, heavy paramilitary presence. Rish in his light long gray wind&rain jacket was almost part of the general picture. I was in fashion brown jacket, narrow shiny black pants and completely outlandish here.

Two things happen - the closest to us militia guy said something to his wrist watch and a local came to us, showed a welcome smile and gave me a bowl full tartar cutlets. Raw meat is not exactly 




	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит лиса -
	В жопе ее застряла оса,
	Вот и не спит лиса...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит osa -
	V gope lisy zastryala one
	Вот и не спит lisa ...
	
	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит олень -
	Хером олень зацепился за пень,
	Вот и не спит олень...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит sova -
	Muchit sovu ee gluhota         
	Вот и не спит sova ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит gashih -
	Kurit gashish malchish kibalchish
	Вот и не спит gashih ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит dikoobraz -
	Uznal dikoobraz chto on pidaras
	Вот и не спит dikoobraz ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит sverchok -
	V hate sverchka zabilsya tolchok
	Вот и не спит sverchok ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит osyol -
	Uslesay osyol na osinovyi kol
	Вот и не спит osyol ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит p-z -
	Znaet p-z chto prixodit konez
	Вот и не спит p-z ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит tarakan -
	Zdyot tarakan samolyot v Amsterdam
	Вот и не спит tarakan ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит morkov' -
	Jizn' morkovi razbila svekrov
	Вот и не спит morkov ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит svekrov' -
	U neye nevestka morkov'
	Вот и не спит svekrov' ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит baran -
	Gdyot barana plova kazan
	Вот и не спит baran ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит barsuk -
	On amoral'mo porvodit dosug
	Вот и не спит barsuk ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит pauk -
	On s barsukom porvodit dosug
	Вот и не спит pauk ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит buryak -
	v sosednem kolhoze strashnyi sushnyak         
	Вот и не спит buryak ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит ves kolhoz -
	Muchot kolhoz gutkij ponos
	Вот и не спит kolhoz ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит trava -
	Kurit travu udarnik truda
	Вот и не спит trava ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит golubok -
	U nego na lapke gribok
	Вот и не спит golubok ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит ogurez -
	U nego gelteet konez
	Вот и не спит ogurez ...

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спyat drozdy -
	Dogdalis drozdy prihoda lubvi
	Вот и не spyat drozdy

	Тихо в лесу,
	Только не спит весь лес -
	В каждом дупле, в каждоj nore
	Идет neprostoj процесс...


Don't be barb wire - I am not a wolf,
Keep talking nicely, make me ROLF,
Let us spend time in conversation
About world, life, meaning and creation


My mind is running the same road
Of wet and hotty dreams in which
My playfull tongue divides your  pot,
With face hard pressed in ditch.

I kiss your tights and lick your cunt,
I swirl and suck your clit,
My mind has gone completely blunt,
I want your body lit


Again the empty desert lies ahead.
You have just pulled another thread,
From broken bleeding heart of mine,
A thread of pain from wrecking shrine.

Too much 's devoted for the sake
Of short lived hope and only ache
Remains instead of flaming dreams,
Ash of the words which laid like beams
                                   of gloom

Облака розой нежной висели над нами,
Тёплое море долгим закатом гордилось,
Там, где мы не обменялись словами,
На свиданье что не случилось,

  * Dish washer mesh https://docs.google.com/document/d/15mo7x1RpQgpLm0aXLZDtLEtXpdRiRKI98m8i8AnOTz0/edit
  * Wireless thermostat for the solar water heater https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B0u8VwdyTwpwYWc2WU5lLUpUS21UVkJvMUN6M2hVUQ/edit
  * Heads up indicators for motorcycles https://docs.google.com/Doc?docid=0AUu8VwdyTwpwZGZqNzI4NHBfMTljMmI0anM0cg