http://www.globes.co.il/news/article.aspx?did=1000854548#fromelement=hp_morearticles

You have spent money to keep the government afloat. And when government the money is used in least efficient way. This were you, who did not foresee that the tax collection can fall short. Year after year the same mistake to err on the optimistic side and spend. Political convenience is name of the game.  

To http://www.globes.co.il/news/article.aspx?did=1000854095#fromelement=hp_firstarticle

Dr Zalicha is right.

While in the short term lower interest rates and purchase of USD, and, we shall not forget huge budget deficits, kept the employment rates steady, in the longer term all of this suppressed the demand. Fisher should and could do more to keep the speculation out of the RE. Instead only last two years the BOI did something in this directions and it was both too little and too late. We are going to pay huge price when serving the accumulated debt (we already are paying) and we did not even enjoy too many sunny days. Some rich guys who was leveraged they indeed made lot of money. 

Fisher was careless and not mindful of long term results of his policies. He probably has hoped year after year that just a little bit more and he will be able to start to push the rates up. The problems he discovered were more structural and remain to be so.

http://www.globes.co.il/news/article.aspx?did=1000853234#fromelement=hp_morearticles

Dear Lapid,

Your source of information are not reliable at best and misleading at worst. The money Federal Reserve injects into the US economy are failing to gain traction. Those rare signs of improvement like stabilization in the employment rates and positive GDP growth can disappear very soon. You shall not bet on the outcome of the greatest economical experiment in the world history. Instead you need common sense and some imaginations. So far you have not shown neither. You follow the B.A. guys who do not know difference between classic and modern economy schools leave alone any fresh ideas. 

Let me give you a couple of examples. Instead of pushing the import tax on cars up you can drop the tax from current 85% to, lets say $35. Instead government can charge 7% annual tax from every car on the road. In the short term You will enjoy a windfall of tax money thanks to the pending demand and steep demand curve. In the long term 7% annual tax will cover all missed taxes.

Instead of taxing the RE you can drop the RE tax to zero for buyers/sellers. Instead you can get progressive annual property tax which starts low at 0.1% and goes up to 7% for the high end properties. 

You can drop tax of building materials and, instead, tax construction companies at 7% rate for the land they own. Such would make that companies to build instead of waiting for higher prices.

You could ask where 7% comes from and I will answer that this is expected ROI for a business in the long term which makes a deal worthwhile. When taxing property 7% annual you will route the money from the RE speculation to other areas of economy where expected profitability is lower.